README.md, before:

# MCVtoMVVM

This project helps to see the differences between MVC and MVVM. Uses the ebird api and displays bird sightings in the UK. If there are more than 5 birds the cell accessory type and label changes 

**Branches:**
### Main 
This branch contains MVC and MVVM patterns, can switch between them by editing the app and scene delegate (comment and uncomment the desired patterm)

###  MVC
###  MVVM
These branches are the MVC and MVVM seperated out

### Original Code
This branch is the orginal code from the youtube tutorial I followed. (LINK)
It has both MVC and MVVM in the same project, *change the app and scene delegate to switch from between the two.*
Shows different programatic UI things I could look into.

###  MVC IB 
###  MVVM IB
At present I am more familiar with using interface bulider so converted the storyboard so that I could focus on the different design patterns 

### Improvements
The detail labels truncate, need to make the cells dynamic so the height changes. 
Dealing with the optional 'HowMany' from the api better
Hide api key

Commit message:

Add to ReadMe.md and clean code

README.md, after:

# MVCtoMVVM

This project helps to see the differences between MVC and MVVM. Uses the ebird api and displays bird sightings in the UK. If there are more than 5 birds the cell accessory type and label changes 

## **Branches:**
### Main 
This branch contains MVC and MVVM patterns, can switch between them by editing the app and scene delegate (comment/uncomment to select desired pattern)

### Original Code
This branch is the orginal code from the youtube tutorial I followed. (LINK)
It has both MVC and MVVM in the same project, *change the app and scene delegate to switch from between the two.*
Shows different code particularly programatic UI things I could look into, e.g: 
    
    - Custom navigation controller 
    - tableview highlight - override func setHighlighted (when you hold down on the simulator )
    - table view seperator colour and inset - tableView.separatorInset
    - table view height
    - nav bar set up in controller - navigationController?.navigationBar.isTranslucent = false
    - UIColor custom extension to make adding r,g,b colours quicker, not really neccessary 

###  MVC IB + MVVM IB
At present I am more familiar with using interface bulider so converted the storyboard so that I could focus on the different design patterns 

### Improvements/Todo
- The detail labels truncate, need to make the cells dynamic so the height changes.  
- Dealing with the optional 'HowMany' from the api better
- Hide api key
- Could add IB branches together, just have both in storyboard and change the intial controller when switching patterns
